[rocprofiler-compute] Update Documentation for Strix Halo (#4794)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/docs/conceptual/performance-model.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: ROCm Compute Profiler performance model — CDNA and RDNA overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Performance model overview in ROCm Compute Profiler, covering CDNA and RDNA architectures, GPU metrics, panel layouts, and profiling concepts.
```

Reviewer 2: resolved in 1f1efe7a3716c37715263a0a028cb79e395f45eb

   :keywords: ROCm Compute Profiler, performance model, CDNA, RDNA, Instinct, Radeon

*****************
Performance model
*****************

> ROCm Compute Profiler exposes detailed metrics for **AMD Instinct™ / CDNA™**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROCm Compute Profiler exposes detailed metrics for AMD Instinct™ / CDNA™ architecture-based
```

> MI-series accelerators and for select **AMD Radeon™ / RDNA™** client GPUs where an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MI-series GPUs and for select AMD Radeon™ / RDNA™ architecture-based client GPUs with
```

> MI-series GPUs and for select AMD Radeon™ / RDNA™ architecture-based APUs with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MI-series GPUs and for select AMD Ryzen™ / RDNA™ architecture-based APUs with
```

Reviewer 2: resolved in 206673250825b2c00edf3c245b5c52b2737ff869

> analysis configuration is shipped in the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported analysis configurations.
```

> Use the pages below for architecture-specific naming, panel layout, and conceptual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following pages for architecture-specific naming, panel layout, and conceptual
```

> material:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
overview:
```

> * **Instinct (CDNA)** — :doc:`CDNA 2/3/4 <cdna/cdna-performance-model>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Instinct (CDNA)** — :doc:`AMD CDNA architecture (CDNA-CDNA4) <cdna/cdna-performance-model>`:
```

>   architecture and data-type tables, top-level CDNA block diagrams, MI2XX terminology,

Reviewer 3: Only MI2xx terms? The page it points to is generic w=from what I can see, what makes this 200 only?

Reviewer: This seems to be outdated information prior to the MI300 introduction. Maybe replace with the MI-series.

>   architecture and data-type tables, top-level CDNA block diagrams, MI2XX terminology,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Architecture and data-type tables, top-level CDNA block diagrams, MI-series terminology,
```

  and chapters for compute units, L2, shader engine, command processor, system
  speed-of-light, and references.

> * **Navi (RDNA)** — :doc:`RDNA3 <rdna/rdna-performance-model>`:

Reviewer 3: Light petition to make this "Radeon" or something radeon graphics, since Navi doesn't apply to every arch family; technically this is the case now that we only support, but let's say after nv3/4 we have a name change hypothetically.  Overall Navi is not the official market name though, hence name suggestion change

Reviewer: Correctly pointed by @cfallows-amd. Might have to replace Navi with AMD Radeon.
